Update for general availability of MV3 (#1553)
mozilla/extension-workshop: src/content/documentation/develop/manifest-v3-migration-guide.md

### Web Accessible Resources

> Web accessible resources are available only to the sites and extensions specified in the manifest. Manifest V3 supports `resources` and `matches`, but does not support the `extension_ids` and `use_dynamic_url` properties.

Reviewer: That is not accurate. It's not MV3 that supports (or not) features but Firefox.

Also, here, Firefox does support `extension_ids` (since 105)

Author: Thanks for spotting that one
```suggestion
Web accessible resources are available only to the sites and extensions specified in the manifest. In Manifest V3, Firefox supports the `extension_ids`, `matches`, and `resources` properties to specify the packaged resources you want to make available. Firefox does not support the `use_dynamic_url` property.
```

### Features already supported by Firefox

> As part of its Manifest V3 implementation Chromium introduces [promise](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/mv3/intro/mv3-overview#promises) support to many methods with the goal of eventually supporting promises on all appropriate methods. This will provide for greater compatibility between Firefox and Chrome extensions, given that Firefox already supports promises when using the `browser.*` namespace.

Reviewer: maybe

```suggestion
As part of its Manifest V3 implementation, Chromium introduces [promise](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/mv3/intro/mv3-overview#promises) support to many methods with the goal of eventually supporting promises on all appropriate methods. This will provide for greater compatibility between Firefox and Chrome extensions, given that Firefox already supports promises when using the `browser.*` namespace.
```
